/* $Id: UPGRADE,v 1.8.2.1 2007/04/30 20:34:04 vhmauery Exp $ */

Steps for upgrading from 4.7 to 5.0

1. Go to admin/modules and disable Acidfree
2. Perform the Drupal upgrade process
3. Download and unpack the Drupal 5.0 modules: Acidfree, Image, and Views. 
   If your site has any Acidfree videos, download Video as well.
4. Go to admin/build/modules and enable Acidfree, Image, Taxonomy, and Views.
   If your site has any Acidfree videos, enable Video, Video Image,
   and Video Upload.
5. After enabling the modules, there is a link to update.php.  Run the update
   script again and make sure that Acidfree Module Version selected is 3.
6. Press the Update button and wait while the update script converts all the
   images and videos to the new version.
   
WARNING WARNING WARNING

Upgrading should be done with great care.  Please back up all your data BEFORE
doing anything.  This means both the database AND the image/video files.
Upgrading may destroy your website and suck many days out of your life.  So
I am warning you here to test the upgrade on a replica of your production site
to make sure it will go smoothly.  Try it a couple of times to make sure it
will work.  Report any problems you have so they can get fixed.

The actual execution time of the upgrade may be a long time.  If the script
gets killed because it ran past the max execution time, you will almost
certainly corrupt the Acidfree tables.  You may want to modify the line in your
php.ini to allow for longer execution time:

max_execution_time = 600     ; Maximum execution time of each script, in seconds

I set it to 10 minutes for the upgrade of my large site and that was plenty.
This may take some time, depending on the number of Acidfree nodes, the
image/video file sizes, etc.  As an example of how long it might take, a 3000+
node site of mostly images with a few videos might take about five minutes.
Much of the time spent is actually file copy time (moving it from the
Filemanager file store to the Drupal file system), so faster hard drives mean
faster execution time.  
